Update `reverse-string` missing test cases (#917)
exercism/cpp: exercises/practice/reverse-string/.docs/instructions.append.md

# Additional Instructions

## Grapheme Clusters

> Unicode supports a lot of characters and languages.

Reviewer: Unicode is not introduced before this sentence. I'd similarly recommend an external link and perhaps a framing sentence about how Unicode is relevant before diving into the technical details.

> The displayed 'graphemes' are constructed from code points.

Reviewer: Neither graphemes nor code points are introduced before this sentence. An external link here might be useful as background info.

Their combination and _order_ is the basis of the resulting grapheme.
Imagine, a simple algorithm that might flip the 'dots' from one place to another during reversal: `Noël` becomes `leöN`.
Now consider more [complex constructions][grapheme-construction] like the Bengali word `ঝিল্লি`, which consists of six code points.

As graphemes make the string reversal process a lot more complicated, we made the respective test cases optional.

> You can try them out by setting the `TEST_GRAPHEMES` compiler flag or editing the test file accordingly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can try them out by setting the `TEST_GRAPHEMES` preprocessor define or editing the test file accordingly.
```

> [grapheme-construction]: https://r12a.github.io/uniview/?charlist=%E0%A6%9D%E0%A6%BF%E0%A6%B2%E0%A7%8D%E0%A6%B2%E0%A6%BF

Reviewer 2: To me this sounds reasonable, but @BNAndras's points are valid. Having a few more external references probably wouldn't hurt.

However, what I'm missing most here is something about how to approach this in C++. Simply using something like `std::u16string`  won't work, since in the test cases we clearly use UTF-8. Are students expected to implement some UTF-8 handling themselves? Can they use some library?
